Before, we all suspected that Cui Yan was involved in Wang Yimei's death
I even think he is shouting to catch a thief
That's because we're all stuck on the real relationship between Cui Yan and Wang Yimei
Because I said that Wang Yimei was once a victim of domestic violence
And the police also verified this on the body
But Wang Yimei may have committed suicide
So in this matter
Cui Yan may indeed be innocent
It really is.
We searched for a long time and couldn't find a reason
That's right.
Because that's not the point at all
Cui Yan asked Wang Yimei to sue him for having an affair with Lan Kexin. It's not a conscience at all
But to let more people know about it
Do you remember our first meeting?
At that time, you told me that you said that Cui Yan asked me to take this case
It is because I want to borrow my personal influence to make the buttons popular
I remember, but why would he do that?
I couldn't figure it out at the time.
But then it hit me.
Because he is on the Mingxiu plank road
Darkness Chencang
What is his true purpose?
Some time ago, the above released a message saying that it would conduct a large-scale card drawing for the following corporate leaders
Do you remember that there is indeed such a thing
But later, for some reason, it was temporarily stranded.
Because for some people
It's nothing more than spooking the snake
So they had to act
Do something.
I seem to understand, but